I am the younger brother of Captain Li
Caught a thief stealing
Send it to my brother for disposal.
It turned out to be the younger brother of Captain Li
Wait a minute.
Let me know
Captain Li's brother is here
Let's go
Who's coming outside?
Commander, your brother came and caught a thief
brother
OK
Okay bro
We caught a thief.
Stole our water and food
Delivered to you to pet
I didn't steal or rob
That stuff is all my own
Don't mislead people
Infinity Hidden Giant Fire
I don't allow you to quibble
Brother, what should I do with him?
Since we can find out
What is that for?
What coin did you pull?
My eldest brother is wise
Wait a minute.
Which one of you saw me steal?
Don't you need to talk about evidence when you investigate and handle cases?
Evidence, my brother's words are evidence
I told you, boy
This is suicide.
Let you call Tiantian not working today.
The land should not be called
Go wait a minute
Brother, this kid doesn't know where he got the food and water
Kill him and it's ours
Stand down for me
Let me ask you something.
Since you said it was yours
Well, you take out another 50 carts of food
The word is innocent
Now the army is short of food
If you can make a contribution
I'll let you die
Do you hear me? If Wutian can't come up with 50 shots of food
Just wait to die